My daughter is as brave as I am.
That year I dared to steal the woman of your royal family.
Now my daughter dares to rob the king's man.
You son of a bitch, Bei, you don't respect old age.
Hey, you two didn't have a good relationship, didn't eat, didn't get jealous, I can understand.
But Diabetes, isn't he my son-in-law?
The older brother is often called the most romantic.
I can't believe it's less than eighteen thousand miles.
Directly send him 10 million red envelopes across the country.
Let everyone see.
My boss is the most affluent son
Oh, okay.
One of us is not enough.
Is this still kidney deficient? He is so handsome, we can do it on the other side.
They're all my women.
All my women.
I want you dead with no place to be buried.
Your wound hasn't healed yet.
Don't be so angry.
Not in time.
In two days, we'll sell the biggest treasure in the whole Southern city.
Legend has it that the Tien Tien Tien Ke is in the queue.
Once I get it, my wounds will heal.
Encourage the Great World to explain the Next Door
Let them not be exposed.
You're peeing so fast, why am I peeing so much?
Go get me ready.
Yes.
I'm afraid by then it will be you.